What's our, I say,
what's our status, boy?
Oh, it's Cecil, the turtle.
There wasn't enough room on
the name tag for "the turtle",
so it just says "Cecil",
but I am a turtle.
I don't care if you're
the Loch Ness Monster.
What? You should care.
Are they
in position or not, son?
Uh...
Now they are.
There she is.
The elusive Flora Occulta.
Blooms once every 200 years
and today's, I say,
today's our lucky day.
Commence Operation Flower Grab.
Operation Flower Grab.
Who came up with that name?
That was me!
You're fired.
Huh? (GROANS)
(ALL TYPING RAPIDLY)
Oh, what happened?
I'll tell you what happened.
Someone just got to the world's
most powerful weapon before we did.
I say someone just got to the
world's most powerful weapon...
Okay, we heard you
the first time.
(HORNS HONKING)
Um, excuse me.
Oh, sorry, didn't see you there.
I was just taking
my lunch break.
Actually, that's not true.
I was sleeping under the counter.
But that's only because my boss
doesn't give me a sleep break,
which I think is weird.
I'm sorry,
did you need something?
I'd like to buy this perfume.
Ew, really?
- You want to buy this?
- Why?
Is it bad?
No, it's not bad.
It's, it's just...
(SNIFFING)
Well, it's fine. I mean,
sure it's got some jasmine,
a hint of vanilla,
maybe a little sandalwood,
but does this move you?
What do you mean?
A scent needs to transport you.
It needs to caress you,
evoke memories,
make you feel
like you're not alone.
A scent should envelope you,
take care of you, love you.
Does this scent do that for you?
I need to call my therapist.
- Come again!
- (SOBBING)
What on earth
do you think you're doing?
Your job is to sell perfume.
Uh, this isn't perfume.
Oh, here we go.
It isn't!
You don't think
any perfume is good enough.
Mine will be.
Don't tell me you're still
clinging to the idea
that you're going to create the most
beautiful fragrance in the world,
take it to Paris and sell it
to the House of Mouffette.
Uh, that's exactly
what I'm going to do.
Lola, the House of Mouffette is the
preeminent perfumery in the industry.
They're not interested
in a little shop girl
who makes perfume
in her bath tub.
Uh, I make 'em in my sink, okay?
The bath tub is where
I keep my sweaters.
I've a very teeny apartment.
I keep my shoes in my stove.
My freezer's full of sunglasses.
I don't care. Just like the
House of Mouffette
is never gonna care
about your perfume.
It doesn't matter that Giovanni
doesn't believe in me.
All that matters is
that I believe in me.
Is that right? Or is it,
"I believe in myself"?
Is it, "I believe in I-self"?
No, that's definitely wrong.
I'm going to stick with,
"I believe in me".
♪ The world can be ♪
♪ such a stinky place ♪
♪ With the stench of humanity ♪
♪ in your face ♪
♪ I'm gonna clear the room ♪
♪ of gloom and doom ♪
♪ When I create my own perfume ♪
♪ I got a smell in my mind ♪
♪ I'm going to let it loose ♪
♪ on the world ♪
♪ I know that my fragrance ♪
♪ will make a real difference ♪
♪ 'Cause a scent is ♪
♪ worth a thousand words ♪
♪ I'll break open a bunch ♪
♪ of candy bars ♪
♪ And harvest out the nougat ♪
♪ Then I'll take the odor ♪
♪ from a four leaf clover ♪
♪ And mix them all into it ♪
♪ Sandalwood sure smells good ♪
♪ When you blend it ♪
♪ with apple pie ♪
♪ A hint of some geranium ♪
♪ This toilette is oh, so fine ♪
♪ Like a butterfly ♪
♪ if butterflies smelled ♪
♪ Like puppies and forgiveness ♪
♪ and a wishing well ♪
♪ I got a smell in my mind ♪
♪ I'm going to let it loose ♪
♪ on the world ♪
♪ I know that my fragrance ♪
♪ will make a real difference ♪
♪ 'Cause a scent is ♪
♪ worth a thousand words ♪
♪ I got an itch to find a witch ♪
♪ And harness all of her powers ♪
♪ We'll fly on her broom ♪
♪ to the top of the moon ♪
♪ And we'll lasso ♪
♪ all the flowers ♪
I think there are flowers
on the moon
I mean, I'm not 100% sure,
but I'm like 90% sure.
Okay, maybe 80%.
♪ I'll take my fragrance ♪
♪ to the United Nations ♪
♪ All the leaders of the world ♪
♪ will be in the room ♪
♪ Then I will spritz ♪
♪ my fabulous signature smell ♪
♪ Into the air ♪
♪ conditioning vents ♪
♪ And they'll forget for a sec ♪
♪ why they don't get along ♪
♪ And they'll find peace ♪
♪ through my perfume ♪
I mean, let's be real, I don't
get how diplomacy works,
but I think this could work.
♪ I've got a smell in my mind ♪
♪ I'm going to let it loose ♪
♪ on the world ♪
♪ I know that my fragrance ♪
♪ will make a real difference ♪
♪ 'Cause a scent is worth 1000 words ♪
You're fired!
Okay, fired.
- (HORN HONKING)
- (TIRES SCREECHING)
Wooh, didn't see that coming.
(HORN HONKING)
But it's okay.
That's, that's in the past and it's
just going to make it that much sweeter
when my dream
really does come true.
Wait a second,
that's in the future.
Okay, I got... I got to stay
in the present, Lola.
There's tons to be grateful
for here in the present.
Like what?
I can't think of anything to be grateful for.
Feel like my world is collapsing.
I can't breathe.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
Okay, okay. Got to think of one
little thing to be grateful for.
I know.
It's a beautiful sunny day.
(THUNDER CRACKING)
Really?
Hey!
(SCREAMS)
(GROWLING)
(WHISTLES)
(GRUNTS)
What's up, Doc?
Huh? Oh, no, I'm not a doctor.
I'm a perfume salesperson.
Well, I used to be.
- I just got fired.
- Sorry to hear that.
- Where to?
- Uh, home, please.
- Address?
- You know what, it will be easier if I just direct you.
Just, uh, head downtown.
Okay, take a left up here.
It will be quicker, I promise.
Okay, now a sharp right.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Good.
All righty, you just turn left
into this alley.
- Really?
- Yeah, just gun it through here.
Okay, give me a second.
I just, uh,
want to get a lay of the land.
Okay, we're good.
- (GUNFIRE)
- (WOMAN SCREAMING)
Now, you're gonna
want to make a U-turn.
Are you sure you know
where you're goin'?
Uh, I think I know
how to get home.
(SCOFFS) I go there every day.
LOLA: Okay, go
right over here.
Sorry, you're gonna want to
turn around.
Sorry. Left, left, left.
One more right...
Ooh, I don't know this area.
Um, could you just do
a quick U-turn.
And we're here.
(FOG HORN BLOWING)
BUGS BUNNY:
Which boat is yours?
Wait a second!
This is where I used to live.
Lola, you're not a barge
captain anymore.
You were a barge captain?
Yeah, for seven years.
Or is that a dream I had?
Anyway, you probably need to make
another one of those U-turns
'cause I live really far
from here.
- (GROWLS)
- (ENGINE STARTING)
14th street between 6th and 7th.
And that's all I'm going to say.
You're the cab driver, I'm
going to let you do your job.
You are not going to hear
another peep outta me.
Not going to say
another single word.
Oh, what's that picture?
That's where I used to live.
In fact, we're actually
right next to it.
There you go.
That's where it was,
until the city decided that one thing
it needed was another high-rise.
Wow, I can tell
this is really...
Really very hard,
very emotional.
So, I'm not going to ask you
any more questions.
What made you decide to become
a cab driver?
Are you kidding? It's great.
I'm my own boss. I choose
who I pick up, who I don't.
Sometimes I make
the wrong choice.
Doesn't it get lonely,
driving around with a bunch
of strangers?
I like it that way.
It's like being invisible
in a city full of millions.
- (TIRES SQUEALING)
- Whoa!
That'll be $24.97.
I didn't charge you
for your little short cut.
Oh, my gosh,
that is so nice of you.
- Oh! Oh, no!
- What?
I must have left
my purse at work.
Don't worry, I have money upstairs.
I have a cash jar
that I keep in the microwave.
It's a really small apartment.
B-R-B, promise.
You better, the meter's running.
What?
Where's my cash jar?
Ah, that's right,
I kept accidentally cooking it,
so I moved it to my hat drawer.
- Que pasa?
- Ah, oh.
Seriously?
Lola, I've been your landlord
for five years.
When you gonna stop screaming
every time you see me?
Sorry, I just never
get used to it.
I got something for you.
Speedy, I'm so touched.
Well, I know how much you like flowers
and smells and all that stuff,
so I was in Mexico
and I thought I'd pick it up.
When were you in Mexico?
Oh, about a half hour ago.
It's beautiful.
Legend says it only blooms
once every 200 years
high atop the Sierra Guadalupe.
- It bloomed today.
- (SNIFFING)
That smell, it's so inspiring.
It's, it's perfect.
Oh, don't mind me,
I'll let myself out.
Don't offer me a glass of
water or anything.
It's not like I ran 2,500 miles
carrying an object three times my size.
No big deal.
Remember, rent is due tomorrow.
You're not listening.
I'll be back saying,
"Where's your rent check?"
And you'll say, "I forgot.
Sorry, here it is."
We do it every time. Whatever.
Remember, rent is due tomorrow.
(BEEPING)
Well, I can afford to wait,
but I'm not sure she can.
(DRILLING)
Is it a drone?
If it is, it's faster than any
drone we've got.
We can't, I say,
we can't lose that flower.
We've mapped the trajectory
and know where it ended up.
Russia? China?
New York City.
1000 West 14th Street,
apartment 12 to be exact.
We've got her.
Her?
Get me Fudd.
Here's Fudd.
I thought I fired you.
You can't fire an intern.
Hello, I say, hello, Fudd.
Now just listen up
a minute, son.
I say, I got...
I got a little problem here.
There's been a development.
I don't have the flower,
but I know who does.
(SNORING)
(SNIFFING)
Hmm, that clove's coming on
a little strong.
A little clove goes a long way.
All right, let's see here.
Maybe just a smidge of geranium.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
Ooh, Mummy, that's nice.
I have the wabbit in my sights.
GENERAL: (ON PHONE)
What about the flower?
Still there.
GENERAL: Okay, son, stick with
her like a tick on a coonhound.
- What?
- Just watch her.
Okay, I've got the base
where I want it.
And now the secret weapon.
Here goes nothing.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
O-M-G!
I did it!
I created my fragrance!
She did it!
She created invisibility.
Well, what are you, I say, what
are you talking to me for, son?
Get in there!
It smells so good!
Ooh! I can't believe it.
Everyone's going to want this.
Oh! Ow! Right in the eye.
Ooh, that really stung.
I'll have to put
a warning on the bottle.
Close eyes before spraying.
(GASPS) Ooh, I wonder what the
bottle's going to look like.
I wonder what
I'm going to call it.
Ooh, this perfume's
gonna be huge!
- (KNOCKING AT DOOR)
- Who could that be?
(GASPS) That poor cab driver.
Sorry, I'm coming.
Got a little side-tracked,
creating the world's most
beautiful fragrance.
(SCREAMS)
(BOTH ROARING)
Whoa!
(GRUNTS)
Drive!
Uh, I drive
when I decide to drive.
I just decided to drive.
Huh? (GRUMBLING)
You want to tell me
what the heck is going on?
Oh, you want to know what's going on?
I'll tell you what's going on.
I'll tell you
exactly what's going on.
Can it be sometime today?
The cosmetics industry
is made up of sharks.
Well, not actual sharks.
That would be weird.
Be kind of amazing though 'cause
sharks never stop swimming.
So that means they would never
stop making cosmetics.
What does this have to do
with us being shot at?
Ten minutes ago, I created the
world's most beautiful fragrance.
I know that sounds braggy,
but it's a fact.
I know perfume.
And I also know that this
bottle is worth millions,
maybe billions.
And everyone who's anyone in the
beauty industry is going to want it!
I bet they were spying on me through binoculars
from the apartment across the street.
No one was spying on you
through binoculars.
I've been working on creating
this fragrance for years.
Surely, I'm on everyone's radar
in the cosmetics industry.
I'm probably
being bugged right now.
Oh, no, I'm the one
being bugged.
Okay, you know what,
drive to Paris.
Uh, you can't drive to Paris.
You have to fly.
Then take me to the airport.
I'm not taking you anywhere!
Please! I have to get this
to the House of Mouffette
before someone
steals it from me.
Well, I'm afraid you're going to have
to get there with someone else's help.
Oh, is this about the money
I owe you?
What was it, 20 bucks?
You're not going to help me for 20 bucks?
Not that I'm counting,
but, uh...
(BEEPS)
(GULPS)
Good thing I'm gonna be rich.
Look, I promise I'll pay you.
(GASPS) There's a bank right there.
We can do it right now.
Trust me, this isn't
about the money.
I insist.
My mother taught me,
"Always repay your debts".
Or was it, "Always brush
your hair before bed"?
No, 'cause these are my ears.
It was "Always
repay your debts".
(YELLS)
We can assume
they're working together.
They have the same last name.
So they're probably
a husband-and-wife crime team.
Or brother-sister.
I'm just saying.
Well, whoever they are,
they're about to be famous.
REPORTER: (ON TELEVISION)
The suspects are at large
and considered dangerous.
The State Department is
offering a reward of $500,000
for any information
leading to their capture.
"Give me all your money and no one
gets blasted to smithereens."
Smithereens?
She ain't going to know what that is.
These are city folk.
Hmm, maybe "bits".
"Blasted to bits."
That's got a ring to it.
Course it's a squirt gun.
Come on, Sam,
don't doubt yourself!
Blasted to bits, it is!
Is that right?
That don't look right.
Next customer.
Hold your horses, girlie!
Uh, that don't look
right either.
I'm running out of room here.
Uh, sir?
Dad-gummit!
You can't rush a bank robbery!
(ALL GASP)
Uh, I mean, uh...
Do you want it in 50s or 20s?
Or a bunch of 10s?
I love a 10.
Maybe you're more of
a coin guy though?
Bunch of coins
jingling in your pocket?
- I don't care, whatever.
- TELLER: Next customer.
Uh...
Uh, I need to get some...
Okay.
- We got to get out of here.
- Huh? Huh?
Huh?
Ooh!
(LAUGHS EVILLY)
What about your money?
- Get in the cab!
- YOSEMITE SAM: You're not a-going anywhere!
Now, get in the truck!
I thought you just said,
"We're not a-going anywhere."
What?
You said, (IMITATES YOSEMITE SAM)
"You're not a-going anywhere!"
So, do you want us to go
anywhere or not to go anywhere?
Oh! Then I mean, go anywhere!
And by anywhere,
I mean my truck.
My Lord, I've known you all
of two seconds
and it feels like you've been
bugging me my whole life.
Imagine how I feel.
Is that you on those mud flaps?
It was a side business.
I took a bath on those things.
- You want a set?
- I'm good.
Get in!
MAN: (ON RADIO)
What is the nature of your emergency?
I gots the two most wanted rabbits in
the country and I wants my 500 grand.
What's your location?
Times Square,
right in front of the bank
I was going to rob.
Forget that last part.
(SIREN WAILING DISTANTLY)
That's an impressive
response time.
(GUNS COCKING)
Hand over the wabbits.
Hand over the money.
You'll get your reward when we
have the suspects in custody.
Suspects?
What are we suspected of?
We're not a "we".
I don't know what you're involved
in, but I haven't done anything.
Nice try, government man.
I wants my money first.
You don't know
what you're dealing with.
You'll get your reward.
I promise.
Oh, like the IRS promised
not to garnish my wages?
They a-garnished 'em.
Now give me my 500 Gs.
Forget about the money.
What she's got is the most
valuable thing on the planet.
Oh, that's very flattering.
Most valuable thing
on the planet?
Then the price just went up.
I wants a zillion dollars.
And I wants it now
or I'm a-going to shoot.
BOTH: What!
It's just a water pistol.
But I'm a-feeling boxed in.
And when I'm boxed in,
I gots to shoot my way out.
Yee-haw!
Hmm, guns really do have a way
of escalating the situation.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Hello.
It's me, you seem to have left
your purse here when I fired you.
Oh, thank goodness.
Giovanni, listen to me.
I did it.
(STAMMERS) I created
my perfume and it is perfect.
I'm trying to get it to Paris
but everyone's after me.
I mean, I always knew the
cosmetics industry was cutthroat,
but I thought that was
just an expression.
Whoever it is, they're willing
to kill me for it.
Lola, no one's trying to kill
you for your fragrance.
Oh, really?
(GUNSHOTS)
Call the House of Mouffette.
Tell them Lola Bunny has their next
big fragrance and she is on her way.
(SCREAMING)
(DIAL TONE)
Is this the House of Mouffette?
I'm calling to let you know that your
next big fragrance is on its way.
Who created it?
That would be me.
Giovanni Jones.
Now I just need to find Lola.
Come on!
You sure you don't have
to make another phone call?
Whoa!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
What, are you crazy?
Uh, trust me, okay?
I know my way around the New
York City sewage system.
I know I'm going to regret
asking this, but why?
Okay, well, about a year ago,
I read on the Internet, 10 surprising
foods that will supercharge your day,
and one of them was hot dogs.
So, every day on my way to work,
I would stop at the same hot
dog vendor and get a hot dog.
But then one day I read on the
Internet, 10 unsurprising foods
no one should be eating
and hot dogs were number one.
Well, obviously, I couldn't
keep eating hot dogs,
but I still had to walk past the
hot dog vendor to get to work.
I just couldn't face him.
His sad little
hot-dog-vendor face.
But that was the only way to
get to work or so I thought.
So you took the sewer to work?
Mmm-hmm. No fuss, no muss.
Well, actually a lot of muss,
tons of muss.
Okay, we're going to have to get
down on our bellies for this part.
(CHUCKLES) No, no, no.
I'm not going anywhere until you
tell me what's really going on.
I told you.
They want my perfume.
It's going to be the most
popular fragrance in the world.
It will be everywhere.
And that's all that matters.
I don't even care about the money.
You can have it.
I told you,
I don't want your money.
Are you sure?
You'd be able to buy that building
and tear it down and go back
to living in that little hole
and being alone
for the rest of your life.
Isn't that what you want?
- Yes, but...
- Then, come on!
- Lola, listen to me.
- Whoops!
Lola, those were
the Feds back there!
The Feds don't want
your perfume.
You're obviously mixed up in
something that you don't understand.
But whatever it is, it's big.
Bugs, I told you, the cosmetics
industry is a billion-dollar industry.
(GROANS)
How am I going to get
that perfume?
She could be anywhere.
BUGS BUNNY: I promise you, this has nothing
to do with the cosmetics industry.
No one, and I mean no one is trying to
steal your perfume and take it to Paris.
I'm off to Paris.
My perfume!
Gi... Giovanni's
got my perfume!
We've got to stop him.
- (INAUDIBLE)
- (JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
No way, I'm done.
Look, you're on your own.
(STUTTERS) Hey,
come on, come on.
(STUTTERS) Green means go.
(HONKS)
Oh. (CHUCKLES)
I'd rather take my chances with the FBI
than follow you from one mess to another.
Well, I have to get
my perfume back.
That is one nutty rabbit.
(HORN HONKING)
Whoa!
You're not
going to go after her.
Oh, brother.
Taxi!
Follow that van.
Whoa, man,
I don't give people rides.
What are you talking about?
This is a taxi.
Yeah, but it's for my
transportation needs only.
- How do you make money?
- My salary.
Taxi drivers
don't make a salary.
You only make money
by giving people rides.
Oh, that's why I'm broke.
All right, where to?
Follow that van.
(HORNS HONKING)
So, where are you from?
Are you crazy?
Legally, no.
There's not a word for my condition.
Coming up on your left, you'll
notice the famed Statue of Liberty.
That's the
Empire State Building.
Well, it has many nicknames.
Then right up here on our right,
you're going to get a glimpse
of the majestic
St. Louis Arches.
There's just the one
and it's in St. Louis.
See, this is why
I don't give rides.
(TIRES SCREECHING)
That'll be $7,000.
What? You never even turned
the meter on!
I don't know how to work that.
I do it all in my head.
Wait here.
- (CAR DOOR OPENS)
- Where are you going?
To see if they have a bathroom. I'm
on this crazy Internet hot dog diet.
(GROANS) I'm just
a little burbly.
She says she doesn't have it.
She says someone named Giovanni has
it and he's on his way to Paris.
(SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
- Eliminate her?
- LOLA: Hmm?
Oh, well I didn't know we'd be eliminating
people, but, uh, that's fine.
Okay, I understand,
but maybe I should be paid a
little more than we agreed on
because eliminating people is definitely a
very illegal activity and I'm not very...
(CONTINUES
SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
Oh, okay. Okay, so my life would be in
jeopardy and you'll have me eliminated.
I understand.
Well, in that case,
I think we can stick
with the original deal.
- (DIAL TONE)
- Hello, hello?
Hmm, didn't even say goodbye.
All right, eliminate her.
(BUZZER BUZZES)
- (ALARM SOUNDING)
- (MUFFLED SCREAMING)
I'm just curious, um...
How much are you guys
getting paid for this?
Oh, you don't want to tell me,
I just...
I just want to make sure we're
all getting the same amount.
Fine, don't tell me,
but all I know is I'm
not getting paid enough
to watch someone get
smelted in the smelter.
Now let's get ourselves to
Paris and find this Giovanni.
- Over there.
- A bathroom?
BUGS BUNNY: Shut off
the machine!
Hmm.
How's that?
(LOLA SCREAMING)
That's not it.
(KEYS BEEPING)
How about now?
(WHIRRING)
(SCREAMS)
Nope.
How's this?
Not great.
Oh, I bet it's this one.
Doesn't one of them say
"On/Off"?
- Yeah!
- Well, could you press that one?
(SLURPING)
Ah!
(SCREAMING)
Oh, Bugs,
I just knew you'd save me.
Maybe not as much as I knew
I was going to get smelted,
but I pretty much kinda sort of really
was hoping you were going to save me.
And you did.
You mean, we...
Daffy Duck.
Sorry about the wet hand,
just washed 'em.
Found the bathroom.
Surprisingly nice.
Come on, we have to get to the airport
and find Giovanni before they do.
An airport run?
This guy already owes me $7,000.
YOSEMITE SAM: Now wait a
doggone second.
You're telling me that not
only do I get no reward,
I'm a-getting charged
with attempted bank robbery?
Be quiet!
Uh, yes, General. I'm afraid
we lost the wabbits.
First off, why is attempted
bank robbery illegal?
If I'd a-just attempted it,
it means I didn't get it done.
Do you see me sitting on piles
of money from the bank I robbed?
No! Because I didn't rob it.
I was just attempting it.
And you're the only reason
them rabbits got away.
I'm well aware this is a
matter of national security.
(GROANS)
- Hey, government man.
- Yes, sir.
- We're looking everywhere, sir.
- Baldy!
Coming up on your left, you'll
notice the Washington monument.
That's in Washington.
(SIGHS)
Is that that little hillbilly
leprechaun that tried to kidnap us?
Huh?
Step on it!
Okey-dokey, but it's gonna
cost you extra.
What about the airport?
Right now
we got bigger fish to fry.
Uh, speaking of fish...
Uh, if you look to your right, you'll
see the famed Fisherman's Wharf.
There's Old Faithful.
(SLURPING)
Hmm, look at that,
the Space Needle.
- DAFFY DUCK: Well, look at that.
- (PLAYING TENSE MUSIC)
(CHUCKLES) Remember the Alamo.
(GASPS)
(ALL EXCLAIM)
(LOLA GASPS)
Huh?
(CHUCKLES)
It's easier this way.
- (LOUD BANG)
- Nope. Harder.
(SIRENS WAILING)
Come on, we can
lose them in here.
Oh, great idea.
Why are you coming?
Well, it's not every day a person
gets to see the Grand Canyon.
This is Central Park.
I thought that was in Michigan.
- (SIREN WAILING)
- Bugs!
This way.
(DAFFY DUCK LAUGHING)
(MONKEY SHRIEKS)
(LAUGHING)
(MONKEYS EXCLAIMING)
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY)
Climb in.
Aw, so romantic.
I didn't know you
thought of me in that way.
I mean I'm not going to lie,
there's obviously
some chemistry here
and you are easy on the eyes.
Sorry, Doc, but we got to get
to the airport.
Oh, right, yeah, airport.
- (WHIP CRACKING)
- (HORSE NEIGHING)
(DUCKS QUACKING)
Let me ask you something.
These ducks,
they just live here, rent free?
Meals, everything taken care of?
Hmm-hmm.
Interesting.
(SIREN WAILING)
Unbelievable.
Never got my one phone call.
Who would I call?
I don't have anyone to call.
But that's not the point.
Point is, you get a phone call.
(HORSE NEIGHING)
Well, well, well.
Finally, these little dolls
hands is good for something.
(HORSE NEIGHS)
(LOLA CLEARING THROAT)
BUGS BUNNY: Are you kidding?
Oh, brother.
(NEIGHS)
There he is!
One ticket to Paris, please.
- Come on.
- What do you think you're doing?
Duh, we have to get
on that flight to Paris!
Paris, eh?
We're wanted criminals.
We try and buy a ticket,
they'll arrest us.
Well, then what are
we supposed to do?
Hmm.
I think I've got an idea.
YOSEMITE SAM:
One ticket to Paris.
Down here.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That will be $2,165.38.
I don't want to buy the plane,
I just want a ride on it.
Darn, I regret
not robbing that bank.
(CLEARING THROAT)
(GRUNTS)
How am I going to get
on that plane
without a ticket?
(DOG BARKING)
Ugh, that's the last time
I take the Van Wyck.
Okay, you two get us
tickets to Paris,
I'm going to pop into
the duty-free shop.
What? I need some
bronzing powder.
- (HUMMING A TUNE)
- (DOG BARKING)
Whoa!
Can someone tip me over, please?
Anyone?
Someone? Anyone?
I know you can see me. Hello!
BUGS BUNNY: (OVER INTERCOM)
Welcome to Flight 418, nonstop to Paris.
Our flight time is approximately
seven hours and 16 minutes.
Dinner will be served shortly.
So sit back, relax
and enjoy your flight.
Okay, you know there are
male flight attendants.
Yeah, but I like the height
the heels give me.
How are we going
to get the perfume?
At some point he's got
to go to the bathroom.
We'll get it then.
Well, what if he never
uses the bathroom?
It's a seven hour flight.
Maybe we need
a little insurance.
Here you go,
one jumbo oat bran muffin
with a side of dried prunes.
A couple of boxes of raisins,
some assorted melon,
seven or eight fiber wafers
and a large cup of black coffee.
Can I get you anything else?
Uh, I thought
I ordered the chicken.
We're all out of the chicken.
I predict a bathroom break
in five,
four,
three,
two,
- a one.
- (STOMACH GROWLING)
Ah, he took the perfume.
Relax, we'll think of something.
Excuse me,
is the bathroom occupied?
Oh, the one in the back
is definitely occupied.
- (WHINING)
- Oh, no, help yourself.
Bugs, that's the turtle,
the one that tried to smelt me!
We got to get that perfume
from Giovanni before he does.
Thank you.
I shouldn't,
but do you have
any more peanuts?
(HUMMING)
(SIGHS)
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY)
(SCREAMING)
Ah, it's just so frustrating.
It's right there.
Ah, I've got it.
I'll take this fork
and jab it into his thigh
while you take that scalding
coffee and just,
just pour it right in his face!
(GRUNTING)
What, you want to do the fork?
Just sit down.
Excuse me, sir,
but we're about to experience
some turbulence ahead,
so I'm going to need to collect
any loose items you might have.
Okay, and what about
your pockets?
What!
Oh, I'm going to need you
to empty your pockets,
so nothing jabs you
with all the turbulence.
It's an FAA regulation.
You'll get it back.
Buckle up.
You got it?
- I got it.
- Oh!
I also got a ton of duty-free
stuff from that turtle.
Oh, that's some
really good bronzer.
(PASSENGERS SNORING)
- Excuse me, ladies.
- (BOTH GASP)
Shouldn't you two be awake?
Yeah, but shouldn't you be
flying the plane?
Look, I don't want to alarm you,
but we just got word
that Interpol
will be meeting us
at the runway when we land.
And no one is to deplane
until they come aboard.
Apparently we have two wanted
fugitives on our flight.
(BOTH GASP)
- Any questions?
- I have one.
Who do you think built
Stonehenge? I think aliens.
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY)
We don't have any questions.
Hmph.
We got to hide. Follow me.
We'll stay down here
and sneak out with the bags.
You ain't a-gonna
sneak nowhere.
You're going to give me that
thing everyone's after you for,
but I don't know what it is.
You want this?
Well, guess what, little man,
you're gonna have
to fight me for it.
- I ain't afraid to hit a girl.
- Neither am I.
Oh!
(BUZZING)
(GROANING)
Yee-haw!
(YELPS)
(LAUGHING)
No!
Gotcha! Oh, that was close.
Thought I was in real trouble
there, for a second.
(SCREAMING)
Grab on to me!
What are you doing?
Bugs, those are
other people's things.
Maybe cab drivers don't make
a lot of money
but that doesn't mean you can
steal other people's clothes.
You don't even wear pants.
LOLA: Oh!
Incredible!
Oh, come on.
I was just going on instinct.
Anyone would have done
the same thing.
Well, not you, this blouse.
So, how do I look?
Excuse me, but have you seen
those two flight attendants?
Keep it moving.
But they have something of mine.
Well, that's the last of them.
No sign of the suspects.
That's impossible.
Search it again.
I'm just saying,
it would have been nice
if you had parachuted us
to a resort or a hotel.
I mean there's tons of them
in France.
- Quiet!
- What?
I don't think we're alone.
O-M-G! We're saved!
We're surrounded by sharks!
Those are dolphins.
And fortunately for us,
I speak dolphin.
(IMITATING A DOLPHIN)
I just told them to go get help.
Get a nice yacht,
a big one with a Jacuzzi.
(GROWLS)
Man, these are
some dumb dolphins.
You're crazy, you know that.
I should've never
picked you up that day.
I was perfectly content
living my life all on my own
and now I'm going to be eaten by a
fish with a lunatic by my side!
(HORN BLOWING)
Told you. Thanks, dolphins.
Sorry for calling you dumb.
Oh, I mean...
(IMITATING A DOLPHIN)
(GROWLS)
(DIALING PHONE NUMBER)
Uh, yeah, yeah, yes,
this is Giovanni Jones.
I have an appointment to see Mr.
Mouffette, this afternoon.
But there's been
a slight complication
and, uh, I might need
a little more time.
Hang up.
I believe you have
something we want.
TOSH: How positively
fortuitous!
Here you are
trying to get to Paris.
And we're on our way to Paris.
(BOTH GIGGLING)
Now, enough chit chat.
I want to see that perfume
we've been hearing
so much about.
Now don't judge it
by the bottle. It's all I had.
But I just know
that Mr. Mouffette
will have a million
wonderful ideas.
I mean, I don't even
have a name yet.
What about "Lola"?
It has a certain ring to it.
Oh, no.
I couldn't name it after myself.
Well, why ever not?
You created it.
It's your fragrance.
Come on, give us a spritz.
Ah! My heavens!
My heavens, is right.
Oh, this scent is
out of this world.
And so are you.
- What?
- You've disappeared!
That's why everyone wants this.
You invented invisibility!
(SIGHS)
Invisibility, do you have
any idea what this means?
Yes, it means
my perfume is a disaster.
What are you talking about?
A fragrance is supposed
to make you stand out,
not disappear.
Forget the fragrance.
You've invented
the most powerful thing,
maybe in the history
of the world.
I am ever so sorry and I hate
to be a bother,
but there is still that
little matter of...
(CLEARING THROAT) My friend
having vanished!
What on earth
is everyone talking about?
- Where are you, Tosh?
- I'm right here.
- Where?
- (TOSH SCREAMING)
BUGS BUNNY: And now we know
water washes it off.
- Whatever has gotten into you?
- You were invisible.
Oh, here we go again.
This is precisely what our
therapist was talking about.
I'm always invisible to you.
I beg your pardon, no.
Remember Keith said,
"No one is always anything."
Oh, fine. I am usually
invisible to you.
Why, because I ignored
your advice about my mother?
Cut the cord, Mac.
I told you, I'm going
to stop sending her money.
Yes, but you say that
every month.
I have to do it on my terms
and on my timetable.
Cut the cord, Mac.
MAC: I am working with Keith
on this.
TOSH: You lie to my face.
MAC: What're you talking about?
TOSH: You said you've not been in
contact and you've been in contact!
How do you know that? (GASPS)
Have you looked at my phone?
Oh, don't you turn this
around on me.
The woman said she hated me.
- Hated!
- Those are just words!
Words are weapons, Mac.
Cut the cord.
- What's up, Doc?
- Hmm?
I told you I'm not a doctor.
I don't know what I am anymore.
Well, you're about to become the
most famous person in the world.
Think of all the possibilities
this offers.
Whenever you want
you can go totally unnoticed.
It's the ultimate
in being left alone.
Invisibility is
a dream come true.
Maybe that's your dream.
It's not mine.
Maybe it's time
you had a new dream.
Look at that.
The most romantic city
in the world.
And thanks to your invention,
it can all be yours.
One night. What do you say?
I don't have anything to wear.
You do realize
we'll be invisible.
Ooh! Are you thing
what I'm thinking?
- BOTH: Makeover!
- (GIGGLING)
♪ There's nothing quite as sweet ♪
♪ as a woman's inner beauty ♪
♪ A sparkle from within ♪
♪ is a lady's call of duty ♪
♪ Your brains, your class, ♪
♪ your winning smile ♪
♪ These things cannot be bought ♪
♪ But how to wear a killer ♪
♪ dress can certainly be taught ♪
♪ "F" ♪
♪ Can you feel it? ♪
- ♪ "A" ♪
- ♪ All right now ♪
- ♪ "B" ♪
- ♪ Bust it out ♪
- ♪ "U" ♪
- ♪ You know it ♪
- ♪ "L" ♪
- ♪ You love it ♪
- ♪ "O" ♪
- ♪ Oh, my ♪
- ♪ "U" ♪
- ♪ You following this? ♪
- ♪ "S" ♪
- ♪ I said ♪
♪ I'm so fabulous ♪
♪ You're so fabulous ♪
♪ We're so fabulous ♪
♪ Girl ♪
♪ Girl, you're fabulous ♪
♪ No time to waste, ♪
♪ it's getting late ♪
♪ You've got to look your best ♪
♪ A flawless look ♪
♪ from head to toe ♪
♪ To stand out from the rest ♪
♪ A gathered waist, ♪
♪ a mermaid hem ♪
♪ A bustier to die ♪
♪ But girl, you know ♪
♪ there's no such thing ♪
♪ As over-accessorize ♪
- ♪ "F" ♪
- Oh, boy.
♪ Can you feel it? ♪
- ♪ "A" ♪
- ♪ All right now ♪
- ♪ "B" ♪
- ♪ Bust it out ♪
- ♪ "U" ♪
- ♪ You know it ♪
- ♪ "L" ♪
- ♪ You love it ♪
- ♪ "O" ♪
- ♪ Oh, my ♪
- ♪ "U" ♪
- ♪ You following this? ♪
- ♪ "S" ♪
- ♪ I said ♪
♪ I'm so fabulous ♪
♪ You're so fabulous ♪
♪ We're so fabulous ♪
♪ Rhinestones, crystals, ♪
♪ gold lame ♪
♪ Who says you can't wear fur? ♪
♪ But when in doubt, ♪
♪ a kitten heel ♪
♪ Will always make you purr ♪
♪ A pouty lip, a contoured cheek ♪
♪ A smoky eye's a plus ♪
♪ Extend your lash ♪
♪ then arch your brow ♪
♪ And you look fabulous ♪
- ♪ "F" ♪
- ♪ Can you feel it? ♪
- ♪ "A" ♪
♪ All right now ♪
- ♪ "B" ♪
- ♪ Bust it out ♪
- ♪ "U" ♪
- ♪ You know it ♪
- ♪ "L" ♪
♪ You love it ♪
- ♪ "O" ♪
- ♪ Oh, my ♪
- ♪ "U" ♪
♪ You following this? ♪
- ♪ "S" ♪
♪ I said ♪
♪ I'm so fabulous ♪
♪ She's so fabulous ♪
♪ We're so fabulous ♪
Girl, you're fabulous!
Well, how do I look?
Beautiful.
Seems a shame to do this, but...
Have fun!
Don't do anything
we wouldn't do.
Well, that's not much,
now is it?
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Oh, you do need
to cut that cord though.
I know.
Huh!
(HORN HONKING)
- Oh!
- Huh!
Whoa!
(HORN HONKING)
BOTH: Huh!
(BOTH SHRIEKING)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
(HORN HONKING)
(CARS CRASHING)
(CAR ALARMS SOUNDING)
BUGS BUNNY: You're the most
beautiful thing I've ever seen.
LOLA: What are you
talking about?
BUGS BUNNY: I'm invisible.
You can't see me at all.
I see you.
- (SIREN WAILING)
- (GASPS)
(GUNS COCKING)
You two, freeze, it's over!
Now, give me the bottle.
- Sorry.
- They had guns.
Why should you guys have it?
It's hers!
She invented it.
It's too powerful a weapon.
It can't end up
in the wrong hands.
Now give us the bottle
or we'll shoot.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
I'm afraid the only shooting
around here
is going to be done by us.
Who are you?
Let's just say I'm working
for someone
who wants that more than you.
You have two options.
Hand over the bottle
or I shoot you.
Or is that one option?
Hand over the bottle
or I shoot you.
Oh, I guess that's one option.
Looks like you only have
one option.
Really?
What about this option?
- Oh!
- Don't do it!
- No!
Huh?
- Oh! Fifi!
- (GROWLING)
I got it!
I finally got that thing
that I don't know
what it is that everybody wants
that's worth more money than
I'd know what to do with.
Oh, boy.
- (GROANING)
- (STRUGGLING)
If you want something
done right,
you have to do it yourself.
I was just about
to get that for you.
You're Martians, too?
Oh, I bet you are getting paid
more than me.
You're a Martian?
Not just any Martian.
Marvin the Martian.
What do you want
with invisibility?
It's quite simple really.
The earth obstructs
my view of Venus.
So, I'm going
to make it invisible.
What? But if everything
was invisible
wouldn't there be
mass confusion?
I mean, cars would crash
into each other,
planes would collide,
people would die!
I know,
it would be a lot easier
just to blow it up.
But I seem to have misplaced
the Illudium Q-36
Space Modulator.
So, Plan B.
I didn't know you were going to
make the whole world invisible.
I mean, that's got to be
as illegal a thing to do
as a person can think of.
I should be getting
a ton more money.
What?
Oh, goody.
It really does work.
(SNIFFING)
But first I need to get rid
of that putrid scent.
Putrid!
Putrid means bad, right?
Now, where is that separator?
I always misplace the separator.
Ah-ha!
Oh, goody.
Now I have one super concentrated
bottle of invisibility
and one bottle of,
whatever you call this.
It's called Lola.
And that's the wrong one.
What are you talking about,
foolish Earth creature?
This is the one you want.
- It's the original.
- It is?
- No harm done.
- Okey doke.
I'll just take this one
and give you this one.
- No, no, no, not that one.
- All right, here we go.
This one. No, that one.
- I'll take that.
- I'll take this one.
- That's right, that one.
- Here we go.
Well, that's right.
(INDISTINCT OVERLAPPING
DIALOGUE)
Oh!
And there you are, sir.
And remember the Acme Company guarantees
complete customer satisfaction.
Well, thank you.
You don't see that type of personalized
service very often these days.
Hey, this isn't...
Get them!
(BOTH SCREAMING)
(ALL SCREAMING)
- Whoa!
- Oh!
ALL: Whoa! Oh!
Ah-ha!
(GRUNTS AND GROANS)
(PANTING)
Stop right there,
Earth creatures!
Lock them in the Captivator.
- What?
- The Captivator.
The place where you hold
someone captive.
It's... Hmm, where is it?
I could have sworn
it was right over there.
Oh, forget it.
Everyone stand over there
and if you move again
I'll vaporize you.
- Huh!
- You too.
What? I thought we had a deal.
Oh, I should have listened
to my mother.
She always said,
"Never trust a Martian."
I'll deal with you later.
And now it's time to say goodbye
to your precious Earth.
- Uh, hey, Doc.
- Mmm-hmm?
If you're not going to do anything
with this bottle of perfume over here,
would you mind
if I gave it to the girl,
seeing as how it was
her lifelong dream and all.
Do what you want
because soon I will be placing
you all in the Eliminator,
which is right over there.
Huh!
Oh, you've got to be kidding me.
How do you lose an Eliminator?
Oh, goody. It's ready.
What happened?
Oh, were you wanting
something to disappear?
Oh!
Shoot them!
BUGS BUNNY: I'll take those.
CECIL: This way!
I am so angry.
LOLA:
You switched the bottles?
BUGS BUNNY: Ain't I a stinker?
Whoa, what's this?
"Illudium Q-36
Space Modulator."
CECIL: Hey!
- BUGS BUNNY: Hey, Marvin!
- Mmm-hmm?
Catch.
Oh, why, thank you.
I've been looking for that.
I hate Earthlings.
- (PANTING)
- (GASPING)
Fifi, I was so worried
about you.
Fifi, come back. Fifi!
(GASPING) Oh!
Where's the bottle?
In there.
Well, it's probably
for the best.
I don't think the world is
quite ready for invisibility.
Well, it looks like you guys
got this under control,
so I should probably be
on my way.
Really?
You're a turtle.
- I'm going to catch you.
- Oh.
Oh, Lola,
can you ever forgive me?
Of course, I forgive you.
Oh, thank you.
- Hug?
- Don't push it.
(SNIFFING) Do you smell that?
(SNIFFING) I guess
your dream came true.
You brought your fragrance
to the whole world after all.
I'm sorry your dream didn't.
What was my dream?
Getting to be all alone.
Maybe it's time
I had a new dream.
Lola!
Speedy?
What are you doing here?
I'm getting
my morning croissant.
What are you doing here?
You don't pay rent,
but you can afford to take
a romantic trip to Paris
with your boyfriend?
Aye, ya, ya.
I'm going to Switzerland
for some hot chocolate.
(ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Ladies and gentlemen,
it is my great privilege
to introduce to you
the Head of the
House of Mouffette,
- Monsieur Le Pew.
- (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING)
- Oh, my little bottle of love.
- BOTH: Oh!
Excusez-moi.
My audience, she awaits.
Bonjour, mes amis.
Before I unveil
our latest fragrance,
I wish to say a few words.
One year ago,
for a brief moment,
the most unforgettable scent
covered the world
and I feared that we would
never smell something
that beautiful again.
But I was wrong.
After all, this scent was
created by the same woman.
I give you "Lola"!
(AUDIENCE APPLAUDING)
What is the word, Doctor?
Oh, what, I did it wrong?
Well, I'm sorry.
How was your day?
Busy, just the way I like it.
How was yours?
Not busy,
just the way I like it.
So, what'd you want
to do tonight? (CLICKS TONGUE)
I thought we could go
to the game.
But it's the playoffs.
It's sold out.
Eh, we'll get in.
Trust me.
How?
Huh!
Is that what I think it is?
You've had it this whole time?
Have you been using it?
No.
Well, maybe one time.
A couple of times.
Yeah, I use it a lot.
(ALL QUACKING)
Hey, kid!
Go get me a corn dog, will you?
(YELPING)
- What's your name?
- (QUACKING)
That's a stupid name.
That's all, folks!
Interesting.